more on kwoc (#59)
kossiitkgp/docs: events/kwoc.md

- The following things should be ready (or updated) :-

  - Website with registration feature tested internally.

>   - Last year's stats on the website.

Reviewer: Maybe we could add updating testimonials here?

Author: umm can be a good plan, but for that we need to have testimonials. Do we have previous year's testimonials?

Reviewer: "Update" can mean everything from checking for link rot to adding new testimonials if we have any

Reviewer 2: @proffapt We sent a survey form to participants right? Can use that

Author: yea, ok makes sense

Author: Done

  - FAQs on the website
  - Student and Mentor Docs of KWoC. Make sure that the content of the doc is updated with the current rules of KWoC(especially rules like Mid Evals and End Evals criteria). If there are any new important changes, do mention them in the docs. 

- A dedicated slack workspace for KWoC. If the old one has reached the maximum free limit, create a new Slack workspace.

- Printing and circulation of posters to every hall's, main building's and nalanda's notice boards.

- Intro Seminar of KWoC should be conducted, a week before the registrations begin.

> - If possible approach a few organisations or companies - well before the website goes live - to sponsor KWoC for providing prizes to the top-performers (the number of top-performers might vary based on what we get in the swag). Do NOT term them as `winners` - [KWoC is not a competition](https://github.com/kossiitkgp/mistakes/blob/kwoc-22-mistakes/kwoc20.md#5-reduce-competive-nature-)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If possible approach a few organisations or companies - well before the website goes live - to sponsor KWoC for providing swags/goodies to the top-contributors (the number of top-contributors might vary based on what we get in the swag). Do NOT term them as `winners` - [KWoC is not a competition](https://github.com/kossiitkgp/mistakes/blob/kwoc-22-mistakes/kwoc20.md#5-reduce-competive-nature-)
```

- A Github Repo for Technical complaints. For example refer [this](https://github.com/kossiitkgp/kwoc-bugs)

> - Discord, Twitter and Linkedin of KOSS account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Linkedin of KOSS account
```

Add Discord above along with `- KWoC Slack workspace`.

Reviewer: Please add the Discord server point back, but in a separate bullet point above
